---
lang-ref: whole-grain-pastas
slug: whole-grain-pastas
title: "Health : go for wholegrain!"
tags:
  - pastas
image: assets/images/uploads/image-09-03-2023-at-14.09.jpeg
date: 2023-03-05T02:40:12.524Z
comments: true
layout: post
lang: en
categories:
  - en
---
Wholegrain pasta is a better option than refined pasta because it contains the whole grain, including the bran and germ. This means that it is higher in fiber and nutrients than refined pasta, which has been stripped of these important components during processing.

Here are some specific reasons why wholegrain pasta is a better choice:

1. Fiber: Wholegrain pasta contains more fiber than refined pasta. Fiber is important for digestive health and can help you feel fuller for longer, which may help with weight management.

2. Nutrients: Wholegrain pasta is a good source of nutrients such as B vitamins, iron, and magnesium, which are essential for good health. Refined pasta, on the other hand, is often fortified with synthetic vitamins and minerals, which are not as easily absorbed by the body.

3. Lower glycemic index: Wholegrain pasta has a lower glycemic index than refined pasta, which means it does not cause a rapid spike in blood sugar levels. This can be beneficial for people with diabetes or those trying to manage their blood sugar levels.

4. Satiety: Wholegrain pasta is more filling than refined pasta, which means you may eat less of it and feel more satisfied.

Overall, choosing wholegrain pasta over refined pasta can be a simple way to improve the nutritional quality of your diet.